Notes for people porting this code to other systems:

The main CPC emulation core is found in CPC. These are the files I will
update. (You can include all files, including those in the sub-directories all
together in the same project if you wish, or you should be able to create seperate
projects for the seperate sub-dirs if required).

There is also a generic "user" interface in IFACEGEN. You should be able
to use this to load disk images etc, it will keep track of your settings. I use it in my
windows code, have a look in there.

If you use GenericInterface_StoreSettings, or GenericInterface_RestoreSettings,
you must provide your own functions to store and restore settings. Look
in the settings.h for the prototypes. (You can still load and run programs and get
the emulator to work without these.)

For the settings, the method is to use a named text key, and either an integer (4 bytes)
or a null-terminated string which is stored with this key. In the case
of the windows version it uses the registry, but it could easily use a seperate
text file. In a future release I plan to support saving of the registry to a seperate file,
so it can be reloaded after installation on another system)

The other functions which you *MUST* provide are defined in host.h. Without these
it will not link.

I have tried to identify any areas where Endianness is a problem. Where
I've found a problem I've inserted some code to fix it. Hopefully this
will work for you without any fixes. To change endianness go to cpcdefs.h
and either remove or keep the #define.

If there are any compiler problems, or fixes to be made to the code
please forward them to me. Any suggestions about improving the portability
of the code are also welcome.

The following information should help:

Arnold keeps it's own screen buffer, it fills this in as it builds the screen
and then dumps this to the host screen at the end of the emulated frame. The format
of this screen buffer is returned in Host_GetGraphicsBufferColourFormat.
The data is stored in "packed form". e.g. the red, green and blue are all
stored in a single word, long or more (depending on the format bit depth).

Each colour entry has a Bits Per colour gun (e.g. 8:8:8 for 24-bit colour),
a mask which is anded with packed image data to get the colour, a shift (to
say what bit position the data is stored at). Using this information Arnold
can render to any display 16-bit or above. Of course it assumes that the colour
bits are together and not interleaved.

Arnold also keeps it's own sound data buffer. This too is filled in during
emulation and dumped at the end of a emulated frame. The format of this data
is signed/unsigned 8/16 bit. The format is returned in Host_GetSoundBufferFormat.
The method I currently use is to store the OUT events to the PSG, and then go through
this and generate the data, this may change in the future.


