Dec 7
=====

- Roms with AMSDOS headers can be used.
- Fixed some memory leaks.
- Misc bug fixes.
- Fixed some problems with the floppy disc emulation, more programs
will load and run. (Bob Winner, Tensions are examples).
- Settings are now stored in the registry.
- Snapshot loading works.
- Snapshot saving works. (choose 64k or 128k)
- Screen grabbing working again.
- CPC+ smooth vertical scroll added. 
- CPC+ raster ints fixed. World of Sports now fully playable.
- If a inserted disc image has been modified, it will ask you if you want
to write an image out with the changes, this will happen when you choose
another disc image, or when you quit.
- Added a indicator to show when disc drive is active (SCROLL LOCK LED).
- Sound should be the correct speed regardless of the speed of the emulation.
- Digiblaster sound is now mixed in with the PSG sound. Digiblaster sound will only be audible
when the Printer output mode is set to "Digiblaster"
- Speeded up writing of wav files. (Note: Wav files are written when "Stop recording" has been selected, or the
emulator has been quit)
- The generated sound is a lot better than before, and most tunes should play ok.
However there are still some problems that will need to be fixed. I'm currently working on this.
- Printer output is now selectable. You can choose between Digiblaster interface (the default),
or output data to a file (currently set to "printer.txt"). The digiblaster is a hardware card
that plugs into the printer port. It has a D/A converter. Using the digiblaster you can play 8-bit sampled
sound at a superior quality compared to output with the CPC Sound chip.
- Expansion Roms can be disabled. (Go to Rom Settings dialog and put a check in the box)
(useful if there is a program that will not run with expansion roms enabled)

Nov 23
======

CPC+ mode is faster again. I added some code to reduce sprite overdraw.
Fixed some bugs in FDC, plus extra code to protect against crashes.
F4 now enters full-screen, with F5 as reset.
You can record a wav of the PSG emulation. I'm using this for debugging
purposes, and the sound isn't that good yet.
You can also choose the resolution for full-screen mode. Screen
is cropped if resolution chosen is too low. Support has been added
for different "rendering resolutions", in a similar way to MTMW but
it is not yet selectable.
Sound is still enabled, and is fixed to the default settings.
Fixed frame skip settings of None, 1,2,3,4 are available.

Nov 12
======

You can change between Full-Screen and windowed by pressing F5
at any time. At this time, if you want to load a disc image,
you must switch back to windowed mode to do this. I plan
to change this in the future.

Also, the full-screen mode is set to 800x600x16. It is slower
than windowed because it is copying more data accross (windowed
mode misses every other pixel).

In a future release you will be able to determine the resolution
you want to use, plus other display attributes (scan-lines on/off,
miss every other pixel etc), these will also be configurable
in windowed mode too.

In this release there is sampled music support, which may sound incorrect
if the emulation is running too slow or too fast.

I have written a PSG emulation, which is about 80% complete. This is
not yet enabled.

Plus in this release, you are stuck with audio enabled.